<title>Download</title>
<h1>Download of Zettelstore Software</h1>
<h2>Foreword</h2>

<b>Zettelstore</b> is free/libre open source software, licensed under the
[https://zettelstore.de/home/file?name=LICENSE.txt&ci=trunk|EUPL-1.2 or later].

The software is provided <em>as is</em>, without any warranty. While there's no
guarantee it won't cause issues, it has been in daily use by the main developer
since March 2020, without any damage or data loss.
Since 2021, others have also been using Zettelstore reliably, and my students
have used it since 2023, all without encountering any problems.

It’s useful for me and many others. It might be useful for you too.

Check out the [https://zettelstore.de/manual/|manual] to get started and learn
how to make the most of it.


<h2>ZIP-ped Executables</h2>
Build: <code>v0.21.0</code> (2025-03-07).

  *  [/uv/zettelstore-0.21.0-android-arm64.zip|Android] (arm64)
  *  [/uv/zettelstore-0.21.0-linux-amd64.zip|Linux] (amd64)
  *  [/uv/zettelstore-0.21.0-linux-arm.zip|Linux] (arm6, e.g. Raspberry Pi)
  *  [/uv/zettelstore-0.21.0-darwin-arm64.zip|macOS] (arm64)
  *  [/uv/zettelstore-0.21.0-darwin-amd64.zip|macOS] (amd64)
  *  [/uv/zettelstore-0.21.0-windows-amd64.zip|Windows] (amd64)

Unzip the appropriate file, install and execute Zettelstore according to the
manual.

<h2>Zettel for the manual</h2>
As a starter, you can download the zettel for the manual
[/uv/manual-0.21.0.zip|here].

Just unzip the contained files and put them into your zettel folder or
configure a file box to read the zettel directly from the ZIP file.
