<title>Home</title>

<b>Zettelstore</b> is a software system for collecting and interlinking notes
(&ldquo;zettel&bdquo;) in order to represent and support knowledge development.
It facilitates key tasks in personal knowledge management by explicitly
implementing the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten|Zettelkasten
method]. This method is based on the creation of numerous individual notes,
each capturing a single idea or unit of information, which are systematically
related to one another. As knowledge is typically accumulated incrementally
over time, a primary focus of Zettelstore is the long-term preservation of
these notes, hence the name &ldquo;Zettelstore.&bdquo;

Its design goals include longevity of stored notes, ease of installation and
operation, security by default, and support for multiple user interfaces. The
latter is realized through an application programming interface that offers
a broader range of operations than the standard web-based user interface. In
this respect, Zettelstore serves as an example of sovereign, long-term-capable
software that preserves user control over data.

Beyond its practical utility, Zettelstore is internally structured using
a clean hexagonal architecture. As such, it may also serve as a case study or
reference implementation in university-level courses on software architecture
and system design.

To get an initial impression, take a look at the
[https://zettelstore.de/manual/|manual]. It is a live example of the
zettelstore software, running in read-only mode.

The software, including the manual, is licensed under the
[/file?name=LICENSE.txt&ci=trunk|European Union Public License 1.2 (or later)].

  *  [https://t73f.de/r/zsc|Zettelstore Client] provides client software to
     access Zettelstore via its API more easily.
  *  [https://zettelstore.de/contrib|Zettelstore Contrib] contains contributed
     software, which often connects to Zettelstore via its API. Some of the
     software packages may be experimental.

<h2>Latest Release: 1.0.2 (2025-12-21)</h2>
  *  [./download.wiki|Download]
  *  [./changes.wiki#1_0|Change summary]
  *  [/timeline?p=v1.0.2&bt=v0.22.0&y=ci|Check-ins for version 1.0],
     [/vdiff?to=v1.0.2&from=v0.22.0|content diff]
  *  [/timeline?df=v1.0.2&y=ci|Check-ins derived from the 1.0 release],
     [/vdiff?from=v1.0.2&to=trunk|content diff]
  *  [./plan.wiki|Limitations and planned improvements]
  *  [/timeline?t=release|Timeline of all past releases]
  *  Published as [https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.18008616|DOI 10.5281/zenodo.18008616]

<h2>Build instructions</h2>

Just install [https://go.dev/dl/|Go] and some Go-based tools. Please read
the [./build.md|instructions] for details.

  *  [/dir?ci=trunk|Source code]
  *  [/download|Download the source code] as a tarball or a ZIP file
     (you must [/login|login] as user &quot;anonymous&quot;).
